# Saying goodbye to Winamp's mods & skins development/maintaining.

Almost a year has passed when I first joined the Winamp/WACUP community. I learnt lots of things, discovered Winamp itself as on the technical section as on the community itself (the cringe guy). I started experimenting with MAKI & xml for Modern Skinning, as well as Classic Skinning (never went too far). I learned MAKI & XML, investigated Bento and making mods. Alongside with this, I helped some people having problems with Winamp and guided them to fix problems, as good as I could, and I will continue. Now, I learnt more things, I have new projects, learning more programming languages (C, and C++, if you wonder) and I learn more things about development and IT. Sadly, I can't continue being to the community, because of the new projects, not spending time to learn something new, and because I feel I am the dumb of the community (my personal problems). After seeing what I have done in all this journey was: CoverPlaying (it will be forever on my Winamp installation) and Big Bento Redux (actually nothing. It was a design mod, with lots of problems as i see it from my side). I just leave the mod & skin development/maintaining. I will be active on Winamp Forums only (as long as it will be around), for Winamp support. Now I continue my journey, with other things. Winamp skinning was a great thing, and if you ask me whether I recommend it to do in 2022, I will say YES. Winamp will be always a piece of my heart. These 2 projects will be stil up, unsupported with limited support (how can I enable the x thing). I want to say a big thanks to the people who helped me.

ChocolateAdventurouz aka Rel@m
